(Episode 3)
I'm here.
- Director Ha. - You're fired.
Director Ha.
You didn't even hand in your assignment. Why should I keep you?
I'm sorry.
I get nervous in front of the camera.
Look at this punk.
You have so many ways of ridiculing me.
Have you never taken a selfie before?
No.
Hey. That's why I gave you that assignment, got it?
I'll give you another day.
If you don't send it to me by tomorrow, I'll never see you again.
What is wrong with this guy?
Are you training Bum Woo well?
I told him to record his daily life and sent it to my email,
but he said he gets nervous in front of the camera.
So? Do you want to give up?
He's not fit for it. You can't do anything.
I'll find a way.
(Jung Sung Ah)
The fact is that
You are more attracted to me
Your girl is looking in the mirror right now
Putting red lipstick on, baby
Her feet probably hurt from the high heels
Challenges are my destiny.
Cut. Okay.
- Great job, Do Hyun. - Thank you.
Let's go one more time.
That one was good.
I want...
him to be more certain.
Do Hyun, can we go another time?
Sure.
- Can we take a break? - Should we?
Mr. Seol Do Hyun.
That one was good. Let's keep going.
I need a minute.
We'll be back quickly.
They'll get a divorce.
- Really? - Yes.
They're in the initial stage.
How did they decide on it so quickly?
Please don't ask. You have to wait a little more.
- Mr. Park. - Yes.
I'm going to be the mom of JU Group's successor.
You should know who to line up with.
What?
We can't go on a honeymoon?
I'm sorry.
It overlaps with the release of a new product.
Let's go on our honeymoon when we have time.
You run a business, so you should know.
Please be understanding.
All right.
I knew you would understand. This is why I decided...
to marry you the moment I saw you.
Thank you.
I work part-time as a chauffeur.
I was so nervous,
so I came to get medicine to help me relax.
(Plus Pharmacy)
I woke up at 11am and had breakfast.
I always run two hours along the Han River.
If there's a job,
then I go and work.
I don't have any skills,
so it's usually physical labour.
I normally sleep around 8am.
How many hours does he sleep then?
Hello.
Did you follow me all the way here?
I'm here for some other business.
Why would you come to a station for?
I'm participating in an audition program.
You're a judge for that show.
Since you won't take a woman as your pupil,
this is the best I can do.
Jung Sung Ah.
You won't make it to the show with your abilities.
We'll see.
Bye.
- Hey. - Are you here?
Have you been well?
I've been meaning to visit whenever I visit the station.
We all know you're busy.
Gosh.
As I mentioned, you should do this drama.
That drama?
The schedule is tight,
but I'll do it if you ask me.
Can't you just accept it without being such a jerk?
I have a reputation to uphold.
Hey, come meet our music director.
You must know him since he's so famous.
- I'm Ha Do Na. - She's the production assistant.
- Let's do our best, Do Na. - Yes.
Okay.
Hey, shouldn't you be editing?
Have you figured anything out to help me build self-esteem?
That's not important right now.
- Come over here. - What is it?
They say it's a female producer of "S" broadcasting studio.
They already have your name up.
(Does the Chairman's Wife of Juvis Group Have a Daughter?)
Did you know about this?
About what?
You said you used to have a mom.
Hey! There's no such thing.
Gosh.
Mom.
What is it at this hour?
- What is it? - Look at it yourself.
(Does the Chairman's Wife of Juvis Group Have a Daughter?)
What is this?
What is this about?
My in-laws would have found out.
How can I see Joon Ho and his parents?
Is that the problem right now?
I might get a divorce.
A divorce? That's obvious.
So that's why Dad is in Japan.
How can you do this to me and Dad?
I'm sorry,
but couldn't you be considerate of me?
How can you say that right now?
My life is ruined because of you.
You're driving me crazy.
(Chicken Kalguksu)
Are you going to eat?
- Grandma. - Yes?
- Grandma. - I heard you.
Do you know someone named Lara?
She's the wife of JU Group's chairman...
and she was cast in three films Dad directed.
Do you know her?
Why are you bringing her up?
An article went up...
on the Internet saying that I might be...
her daughter.
What?
It was on the news?
It's not true, is it?
Is it a false report?
Tell me that it is.
Was it you?
I'm sorry. She was very firm.
From now on,
don't act so rashly.
This is a warning.
I'm sorry.
Honey.
Did you have to do that?
I won't make excuses.
It would hurt my child...
Do you only care about how she would feel?
Don't you care about how you shamed me...
in front of the world?
You promised to keep it a secret...
I'll announce the divorce publicly tomorrow.
Honey.
You know I can't live without you.
Honey, please calm down, and listen to me.
Why should I listen to you?
I truly loved you.
That hasn't changed.
Do you think...
I can believe in your words?
- It's the truth. - No.
You gave your innocence to someone else,
and you approached me as a cunning woman.
No, that's not true.
Let's stop here.
I can't stand the fact that I'm having this conversation right now.
Honey...
Please, think it over.
I can only live under your protection.
How can I live without...
You can live with your daughter now.
We should annul the wedding, right?
No. Hold on.
I'm not sure if this puts us in any harm.
Mom, it's humiliating.
Can you really take her in as your daughter-in-law?
We should think about what will benefit us.
You've been living as a businessman's wife for many years.
I guess you're finally able to think properly.
Do Na.
Grandma.
You're the only mother I have.
So let's act...
like nothing ever happened.
Good night.
You have a busy future ahead of you.
- Thank you. - I'll look forward to your work.
Hearing Ms. Shin confidently tell us that...
she got married to acting...
makes me admire her for being such a competent woman.
I wonder how our viewers felt.
We'll end our show here today. I hope you all have a great morning.
Thank you. Good work.
- Thank you for your cooperation. - Thank you.
I don't know if I did well today.
You did well. I feel like today's episode will have high ratings.
- Do you think so? - Yes. Goodbye.
Bye.
- Hi, Ms. Shin. - Hey.
Here's your script for episode three.
It's out already?
I'll see you at the rehearsal.
Wait.
I used to be best friends with Lara.
We debuted together...
and even appeared on a few of your dad's movies together.
I see. I'll be off then.
Yes, okay.
(Head Director, Kim Joon Ho)
JU Group just officially announced the chairman's divorce.
I guess it wasn't just a rumour.
Are you going to go ahead with the wedding?
I don't have the power to make that choice.
My parents will decide for me.
I...
don't think it's a bad idea to get married to her.
You'll be at an advantage because of her weakness.
(Juvis Group)
I'm here.
What do you want?
I wanted to ask why you couldn't delay the divorce announcement.
You could've done it after my wedding.
It's better than getting married amidst these rumours.
I have no intentions on sitting next to your mother during the wedding.
I think it's always best to get things over with.
Dad.
Will my position remain the same?
What are you worried about?
You're the one and only competent heir...
of JU Group.
Okay.
I'll get back to work.
Ma'am.
I moved all your luggage to the suite at Giant Hotel.
Regardless of whatever others might say about you,
you don't need to be discouraged.
None of this was your fault.
Mother.
You're our family's daughter-in-law.
From now on, I'll become your mother.
That means we're going to protect you from all of your hardships.
Mother.
I'm just keeping my distance from him for a while.
I'll be able to go back soon.
Whatever that's happening right now is just a temporary storm.
Here you go. I made you some healthy juice.
Are you still looking at that?
Do Na.
She's becoming more and more interesting.
Are you more interested in the production assistant than Acanthus?
I know how to draw a line between public and private matters.
And I'm saying you seem to be overly interested in her.
Why are you always sticking around?
Hwa Im's also our agency's actress.
She never causes trouble.
What?
Does that mean I'm someone who always causes trouble?
No.
I'm just worried about you like a brother.
And...
I really like being next to you.
What's wrong with you? That's disgusting.
You need to be determined to fall from here.
Hey, wait. Hey, Bum Woo.
I wasn't trying to tell you to jump off and die. Get down here.
I think...
I've been up here around four times.
I came up here every time I thought I'd never make it.
Okay, I get it. Let's talk down here.
But I couldn't jump off.
Yes, of course. You shouldn't just kill yourself like that.
I had this small hope thinking that I might be able to succeed.
Yes, of course. You'll be able to make it.
You're even able to take selfies now.
You took your first step.
Bum Woo, get down here.
What is your problem?
Do you know how startled I was?
I'm scared.
I'm scared that everything will end up being...
false hope.
Let's begin.
The camera's rolling. This is the actual shooting.
I'm Kim Bum Woo.
I have nothing to fear.
You can all point your fingers at me.
But I'm still going to...
live my life passionately!
Drink it.
What am I supposed to do with you now?
Even...
Even what?
Even if I can't do it,
thank you.
Why do you think you can't do it?
You can do it.
Tell yourself. "I can do it."
Say it. "I can do it."
I can do it.
See?
You did it.
When things don't go as planned,
you need to reassure yourself like that.
Okay.
But it's hard...
to convince yourself.
I think so too.
It'll drive you nuts if you don't do it,
so that's why you do it.
Do you do that too?
What?
Well...
Everybody has moments like that.
I don't think you need to.
I think...
you were born with courage.
Do you think so?
Yes.
You're right. I only have courage.
I'm a person with courage!
(Episode 4)
Is it Sung Ah?
Hold on.
Welcome. Come in.
Why are you here?
I got divorced. Where am I supposed to go?
- Do you have a lot of money? - Your dad gave me enough.
You have to live all your life with it. Why are you here?
I won't stay here for long.
I'm going back to your dad soon.
Mom, don't you know him?
He's only satisfied once he dominates the world.
That's why I left.
You shook up his world and got thrown out.
But you're going back to him?
I didn't want to eat alone so I told you to come.
Let's go down and eat.
I told you to wake up.
You can never go back to Father. You have to survive on your own.
That's not true.
I know him well.
- Do you believe that? - Yes.
Then practice eating by yourself.
Sung Ah. Sung Ah.
You guys don't know...
how much we loved each other.
I think it's time for me to leave, so I'm leaving.
But think about...
how much we loved each other. All those times we spent together.
You might forget about me,
but please know that I'll love you forever.
I got divorced.
How?
He was angry at me.
But don't worry. We'll get back together.
Please do so.
How's Do Na?
Doesn't she want to meet me?
She's a strong child.
She won't accept anything.
That's a relief.
I was worried she'll suffer because of me.
You miss her, right?
Yes, a lot.
Dong Woo.
Don't waste your energy.
We haven't even started filming yet.
- What's going on? - I always wait for you.
Why do you keep wasting your time?
- I'll give you a ride. - I have a car.
I'll pick you up tomorrow morning too.
Are you that bored?
How long are you going to reject me for?
- Ha Kyung. - Yes.
I don't want to get married.
Don't waste your efforts on me.
You are so mean. I have to marry you.
You must be tired. Let me give you a ride.
Why are you by yourself?
Who should I come home with?
Ha Kyung said she'll drop you off.
I told her to come in for some tea.
Stop responding to her.
You're so cold to her. I have to be nice so that she doesn't run away.
I'll go inside.
I raised you since you were 10.
I was 25 years old, still so young, when I started raising you.
It was tough, but I relied on you too.
I lost my brother and his wife in an accident,
and after I started raising you,
but after I started raising you, I knew I couldn't.
I don't regret it.
I was less lonely with you around.
I know you went through a lot.
I'm not complimenting myself.
At this age, I'm a bit lonely.
I...
don't want you to live like that.
Why are you waiting outside?
Come and sit down.
- Do Na. - Yes?
I know...
that you want to be loyal to the mother that raised you.
I understand.
I'll tell you everything.
Your father was planning to divorce your mother.
He wanted to marry Lara.
You should go to bed.
Your mother and I...
went to see Lara when she had you.
When we got there,
we begged her.
We asked her to give you to us.
- She was too kind... - Would someone so kind...
have the child of a man that has a family?
It was her first love...
My mom said the same thing. She said Dad was her first love.
He told her she's lucky...
to marry her first love.
That's what Mom was like.
The person that made Mom cry...
is that woman.
You should sleep.
- Bum Woo. - Yes?
I say I'm helping you,
but there's nothing I can do for you.
You already did a lot.
No.
I just acted like I did.
I already knew from the beginning.
The one that has to break the shell...
is yourself.
I can't break it for you.
If you're unable to break out of it,
then there won't be any more chances for you.
Copy me.
No matter how you all look down on me,
I'm Kim Bum Woo.
I won't budge. I'll keep going forward.
The path I'm taking...
is the only way.
The path I'm taking is the only way!
Get out of my way, you cruel world!
Do you know what you're good at?
Do I have such a thing?
It's that you don't ask anything.
I'm not sure if that's a compliment.
Thank you...
for leaving me alone earlier.
Is that you, Director?
Gosh, look who it is. Is that you, Lara?
It's been so long, sir.
Just a moment.
Has it been 30 years or so?
- Yes. - How did time...
slip past by you?
You're exactly the same.
You're still a joker.
How are you doing?
Don't you know?
About what?
I'm divorced.
No way.
Are you acting like you don't know,
or did you really not know?
I'm developing a new film,
so I've been very busy.
I don't really know what else is going on.
You're going to shoot a new film?
Yes.
She took the bait.
That easily?
She used to be a queen.
She wouldn't know how cruel the real world is.
(Kim Min Woo, Jung Sung Ah)
- Do Na. - Yes?
What happened? You left this morning without a word.
Your phone was off.
It's here.
Are you all right?
- Why wouldn't I be? - Don't act in front of me.
You can yell and cry if it hurts.
I'm completely fine.
That's even weirder.
You should be hurting.
I know you're just holding it in.
That's true,
but it's not because I'm hurt.
Do Na.
Let's be honest.
What I'm holding in...
is the feeling of being betrayed by my dad.
It's worse than being in pain.
It embarrasses me that I'm an illegitimate child.
I can't feel anything else.
Do Na.
I missed you.
Who are you?
Do Na.
You must be confused.
Let's go somewhere else to talk.
Why did you miss me?
I'm sorry, Do Na.
For what?
What are you sorry for?
I wanted to raise you, but...
Who are you...
to say that?
- Do Na. - If you kept it a secret until now,
you should have taken it to your grave.
I'm so sorry.
You must think I'm your daughter,
but I don't have a mother like you.
Does it make you happy...
to tell the world I'm an illegitimate child?
I really don't know how that happened.
I only have one mother,
so don't you ever come see me again.
Honey, can you come home earlier tonight?
I got new pajamas, and they're really cute.
("Thyme")
Dad.
To this day, I was proud to be your daughter.
But not anymore.
I...
am abandoning you.
Sure. No, we're thankful.
Hello, Director Shin.
You must know who Lara is.
I heard you had her notebook pad when you were in middle school.
Hello, nice to meet you.
- Sure. - Have a seat. Take a seat.
Take a seat.
Lara wants to make a comeback in 25 years.
What do you think about her playing Ms. Kang in "Acanthus"?
We already decided to go with Ms. Shin Hwa Im.
Shin Hwa Im?
Yes.
Then can't she play Seol Do Hyun's mom?
My drama's production assistant is Ha Do Na.
- I know. - That's why she wants to be on it.
She wants to work with Do Na.
Don't you think you're being cruel?
- I do. - And still?
I want to...
get at least one more look at her.
Is that too selfish of me?
Yes.
Then can you help...
this selfish mother out?
From where I'm standing, I must protect her as much as I can.
That's why I cannot let you be on my drama.
It looks like my baby has a great senior at work.
Can you think it over?
This is like a lucky charm for you.
When you have this tie on, you'll become Jin Hee.
Thank you very much.
If you can't do it, you can hang yourself to death.
Okay.
- Keep it up, okay? - Yes.
Let me see.
You look great.
Don't you think the one I tried on last week was better?
You looked great in that too.
You look great in anything.
I'll try on another one.
Do you have be somewhere?
It's almost time for my meeting.
Then you should get going. I'll take pictures and send it.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Make sure you send me every single one you try on.
I will.
Do you surf the Internet often?
Not really.
I see.
Is there something I should look for?
No, nothing.
Yes?
What? Right now?
Okay, I'll be there right now.
Hey, you'll have to eat alone. Something urgent came up.
I'll call you.
Be careful.
I'm sorry.
Episode three has even less lines than the last.
No, it's not even less. It's non existent.
Then should a legendary boss be very talkative?
I'm not asking you to shape him into a talkative character.
Don't you get what I'm saying?
I don't. I don't get it.
Why don't you get such a simple concept?
Is it so hard to understand how I have not enough lines?
Min Hyeok just met Su Jeong again,
and an internal conflict breaks out.
What more can they say?
I'm just frustrated to only see ellipses on the script.
Forget that. You're making me dizzy. Can you sit and talk?
Those ellipses are exactly the moments...
when you need to show how you feel inside.
It's not that I can't do that.
I'm worried that my character has absolutely nothing to say, and...
Stop worrying so much, and please focus on studying your character.
Goodbye, then.
- Darn it. - Are you leaving like this again?
I told you she won't budge. Why did you call her?
I've never seen anyone who ignores him like that.
I think we need to come up with a plan.
She's not someone you can talk to for a long time.
You know what?
When she told you to sit, you did.
- I did? - Yes.
(Juvis Group)
Tell Mr. Bang to come.
Chairman Kim, you must rest.
You've been overworking yourself.
I'll continue working as scheduled.
Make sure I don't have 10 minutes of time to spare tomorrow.
Sir...
Ms. Kang has been calling you continuously.
Tell her that I need some time to think.
Yes, sir.
(Bravo My Life)
I think there's a way.
Do you have feelings for Do Na?
Have you seen a girl rejecting me?
If he makes one mistake in the first shoot,
you're done.
This is a life-or-death situation.
What's there to be afraid of, you punk?
I waited so long for you.
I lost everything, so I have to live.
Do Na.
Lara, please call me Director Ha.